Break out log processor types (#33476)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/processors/log_status_remapper.md

* Integers from 0 to 7 map to the [Syslog severity standards][4]
* Strings beginning with **emerg** or **f** (case-insensitive) map to **emerg (0)**
* Strings beginning with **a** (case-insensitive) map to **alert (1)**
* Strings beginning with **c** (case-insensitive) map to **critical (2)**
* Strings beginning with **err** (case-insensitive) map to **error (3)**
* Strings beginning with **w** (case-insensitive) map to **warning (4)**
* Strings beginning with **n** (case-insensitive) map to **notice (5)**
* Strings beginning with **i** (case-insensitive) map to **info (6)**
* Strings beginning with **d**, **t**, **v**, **trace**, or **verbose** (case-insensitive) map to **debug (7)**
* Strings beginning with **o** or **s**, or matching **OK** or **Success** (case-insensitive) map to **OK**
* All others map to **info (6)**

**Note**: If multiple log status remapper processors are applied to a log within a pipeline, only the first one in the pipeline's order is considered. Additionally, for all pipelines that match the log, only the first status remapper encountered (from all applicable pipelines) is applied.

## Use cases

The Status Remapper is typically used to:

> - Select another attribute as the status to be used for the log event, if it doesn't match our default status attributes. For example, logs coming from Genesys use `eventDate` as the status attribute. Use a Status Remapper to set that attribute as the status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select another attribute as the status to be used for the log event, if it doesn't match default status attributes. For example, logs coming from Genesys use `eventDate` as the status attribute. Use a Status Remapper to set that attribute as the status.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe use another word instead of "our"? Maybe "Datadog default status attributes"?

> - Select an attribute after a grok parser. For example, Golang logs contain the status in the message attribute that first needs to be parsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select an attribute after grok parsing. For example, Golang logs contain the status in the message attribute that first needs to be parsed.
```

Reviewer: Noting this here again - not sure if "grok parser" is a conventional usage in this context, but it's reading a bit awkwardly. 

Another alternative might be "Select an attribute after a grok parser runs."
